enh(release): Add Centreon Web 21.04.14 RN (#1466)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-21.04/releases/centreon-core.md

## Centreon Web

### 21.04.14

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Release date: `May 2, 2022`

```

#### Bug Fixes

- [API] Fixed an issue in the `icons` API endpoint that always returned 0 for total number of results
- [Configuration] Fixed checkbox selection after enabling/disabling a contact via icons

> - [Core] Proxy settings were saved with empty parameters

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Core] Fixed an issue where proxy settings were saved with empty parameters
```

> - [Install] Fixed database user creation with remote DBMS

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Install] Fixed an issue in database user creation with remote DBMS
```

- [Reporting] MBI graphs reports were not using graph templates
- [Resources Status] Fixed default settings for acknowledgments and downtimes
- [Resources Status] Fixed display of acknowledgements comments
- [Resources Status] Fixed monitoring command not displayed in Resources Status Details panel

> - [UX] Improved interface response time if CEIP is enabled but the browser does not have internet access

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [UX] Fixed the internet access issue occuring since the improvement of interface response time when CEIP is enabled
```

#### Security Fixes

- [Apache] Fixed cookies with missing or contradictory properties

> - [Apache] Improve Apache configuration to enable HSTS

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Apache] Fixed issues to improve Apache configuration for enabling HSTS
```

> - [Core] Passwords are now obfuscated in the page's HTML source

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Core] Fixed passwords that were not obfuscated in the HTML source page
```

> - [Core] Replace Math.random by Crypto JS API

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Core] Fixed Math.random that was to be replaced with Crypto JS API
```
